Ends with (#1618)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/strings/terms/endsWith/endsWith.md

---
Title: '.endsWith()'

> Description: 'Returns a boolean value depending on if a string ends with a given suffix'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns true if a string ends with a given suffix, otherwise false.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.endsWith()`** method returns a boolean value based on if a string ends with a given suffix. If the **string ends with the given suffix it will return true otherwise it will return false**.

## Syntax

```pseudo
str.endsWith(String suffix)
```

> The `.endsWith()` method only takes one parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> - `suffix` (required): A string value that will be used to check given strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `suffix` (required): The characters to be matched in the string.
```

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

The example below demonstrates the use of the `.endsWith()` method:
```

---
Title: '.endsWith()'
Description: 'Returns true if a string ends with a given suffix, otherwise false.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.endsWith()`** method returns `true` if a string ends with a given suffix, otherwise `false`.

## Syntax

```pseudo
str.endsWith(String suffix)
```

- `suffix` (required): The characters to be matched in the string.

## Example

The example below demonstrates the use of the `.endsWith()` method:

```java
// Example.java
class Example {
  public static void main(String args[]) {
    String domain = "codecademy.com";

    // Output will be true as "codecademy.com" ends in "com"
    boolean bool = domain.endsWith("com");

>     

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

    System.out.println(bool);
  }
}
```

This outputs the following:

```shell
true

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```

---
Title: '.endsWith()'
Description: 'Returns true if a string ends with a given suffix, otherwise false.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.endsWith()`** method returns `true` if a string ends with a given suffix, otherwise `false`.

## Syntax

```pseudo
str.endsWith(String suffix)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Remove extra line break.
